Submission

Submissions are due **March22nd at 1:00 pm**. 

Your submission should include a link to a Google Drive folder. Copy and paste the link to the Google Drive folder as submission to this assignment. 
The Google Drive folder should have the following files:

1. video of the presentation

2. a markdown document with names of group members

3. your presentation in a standard format (.ppt, .pdf, .key, etc.) that I can open. If I cannot open it then I might have to assign zero.

4. R project folder


Grading

Your project will be graded by the teaching team (prof and/or TA) and your peers.

Teaching team evaluation

In essence, your final will be graded on four aspects

Correct use of Bayesian methods (40%)
Connection of theory and applications (20%)
Presentation (20%)
Documentation (20%)

Correct use of Bayesian methods

Your analysis should not include anything contradictory to the fundamentals of Bayesian statistics. During your video, you should not say anything statistically wrong. 
Your analysis should cover a wide range of applications (hypothesis testing, credible intervals, posterior prediction). 
You are expected to use knowledge from previous classes. You should explain clearly your modeling choices and decisions.

Connection of application and theory

As data scientists, you will work in different fields from recommender systems in music players to drug testing in pharmaceutical companies. 
Strength in any statistical analysis is knowing the content area well and applying the correct models to the correct data. 
Make sure to read on the area if you are not too knowledgeable. Make wise decisions in setting priors, fitting, and evaluating models accordingly.


Presentation

The presentation should be a maximum of 5 minutes. All the group members should present. The presentation videos will be shared with the rest of the class. 
Nobody is allowed to post any videos outside of this class, EVER, that includes 10 years from now. However, if the presentations are well made, 
they can work in favor of you for job applications or conference applications. In such cases, group members have to ask each other. 
Please ask this in written format and keep this as proof especially if you are including a link to this presentation on your CV. 
Other students have done this in the past.  

The presentation should be accompanied by relevant visuals and clearly designed. Give yourself enough time to record the presentation. Practice. Practice more. 
Do not stress. If English is not your native language, do not worry. It is not mine either. Other people can tell that and that is fine. 
If you have any speech difficulties do not worry. The content of what you are saying is more important than how you are pronouncing it. 
I understand different varieties of pronunciations easily. If I don't, I can always ask you or you can use the captioning zoom provides in your Videos. 
The easiest tool to use would be zoom and record the session.

Your presentation should answer the following question at the very minimum. Please do not use this as a checklist and feel like you are done. 
Be creative beyond these points:

- Why should the audience care about the topic? Convince them with your passion for the topic. Research the content area well.

- Anything related to the data, the source, the variables of interest, any issues?

- What statistical decisions you made and why you made them? Including defining your prior.

- What results did you find?

- Who will these results help in the future and how? 

- If you had all the resources in the world and unlimited time what would you do on this topic? 
What are the limitations of the analysis you have done that you could correct in the future with unlimited resources?


Documentation

Your code should be human- and machine-readable. Not only that the code should run but it should also be easily understandable to someone who is not doing the analysis.
All the code should be in a folder called documentation. In the documentation folder, there should be a .Rproj file which I can open. By opening the project file, 
I should be able to open any .R or .Rmd file to run the code without having to change file paths. The datasets used should be accessible. 
I should just have to run for the code to work. The code should include plenty of comments.


Rubric

Are the research question(s) well designed and is the data being used relevant to the research question(s)?

Did the team use appropriate statistical procedures and interpretations of results accurately?

Is the project carefully thought out? Are the limitations carefully considered? 
Does it appear that time and effort went into the planning and implementation of the project?

Are the slides well organized, readable, not full of text, featuring figures with legible labels, legends, etc.?

How well did the team present? Does the presentation appear to be well practiced? Are they reading off of a script? Did everyone get a chance to say 
something meaningful about the project?
